Edit learning subsection in FAQ section per Ryan's comment (#1173)
pyansys/pyfluent: doc/source/getting_started/faqs.rst

  **Examples** sections in the `PyFluent-Parametric <https://fluentparametric.docs.pyansys.com/>`_ and
  `Pyfluent-Visusalization <https://fluentvisualization.docs.pyansys.com/>`_
  guides.
- Record a journal of your actions in Fluent and review the corresponding Python script.
  
  .. note::
     In Fluent 2022 R2, you can only record a journal of your actions in Fluent
     meshing to produce a Python script. This script is not in PyFluent syntax.

>      However, there is a one-to-one correspondence between the a recorded Python

Author: ```suggestion
     However, there is a one-to-one correspondence between a recorded Python
```

>      In Fluent 2022 R2, you can only record a journal of your actions in Fluent
>      meshing to produce a Python script. This script is not in PyFluent syntax.
>      However, there is a one-to-one correspondence between a recorded Python
>      command and the equivalent PyFluent command. This means that you can manually
>      translate the recorded Python command to the PyFluent syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     In Fluent 2022 R2, you can record a journal of your actions in Fluent
     meshing to produce a Scheme script. Within that script are embedded
     Python statements corresponding to each recorded meshing workflow
     action. When extracted from the Scheme script, those Python statements
     are valid in the PyFluent context.
```
@rploconnor @PipKat @dnwillia

Author: @seanpearsonuk My only comment would be to question why "Scheme" is capitalized in occurrences of "Scheme script". We only want to use capitalization for formal nouns or to match a UI element or code element. For a UI element, the element is tagged in bold. For a code element, the element is tagged in literal strings. Otherwise, I'm fine with you edit.

Reviewer: @PipKat Scheme is a programming language, so (like Python) it starts with a capital.
